Reformatted VS Code documentation (#1601)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/ides/visual-studio-code/_index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Any reason the URL of this index has changed from vscode to visual-studio-code?

Author: I did that since I felt the full name of VS Code would benefit more people, I know VS Code is the official alias and resonates with us easily I felt the full name was more inclusive.

Reviewer 2: Visual Studio code is the official name of the product. I think it may also help with SEO in the URL

type: docs

> title: "Visual Studio Code"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: "Visual Studio Code integration with Dapr"
```

linkTitle: "Visual Studio Code"

> weight: 1000

Reviewer: Are the new topics that are broken out sub heading under a vscode index file? I could not see them listed.

Author: They are under vscode as my reasoning for the full name in the index file above. Once they were introduced to the full name I felt using the VSCode alias was more fitting now.

Reviewer 2: Hugo lists this based on the location. When the site is built these are shown up correctly

> description: "Information on how to develop and run Dapr applications in VS Code"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
description: "How to develop and run Dapr applications in Visual Studio Code"
```
